http://msawebsite07.azurewebsites.net/

## Plugins documentation

#### Elementor (and Essential Addons for Elementor) 
Elementor is a drag and drop page builder plugin for WordPress. This page builder allows users to deliver front-end advanced page designs in a short period of time. There were many benefits of using this plugin for page editing compared to other page editors, like WordPress’s default page editor for example. The feature to live edit allows me to view how the design looks to a user’s perspective while editing ultimately allows instant feedback to adjust the needed aspects. This feature is not evident on WordPress’s default page editor thus I chose Elementor, a front-end page builder plugin featuring live edits and design. Elementor also contains a substantial amount of widgets, which can be further increased through unlocking the pro version or downloading the essential addons plugin which complements Elementor), that can transform a webpage design to it’s ideal design. Moreover, the simplicity of drag and drop interaction and ease of navigation makes the plugin fun and easy to work with, as well as reducing the time it takes to design. The steps to implement this plugin is as easy as downloading and activating this plugin through the plugins tab on WordPress dashboard. To edit with Elementor, go to a page and press the ‘Edit with Elementor’ button. 

#### myStickymenu
myStickymenu is a plugin that makes your menu or header stick on top of the page while scrolling. The benefits of using this plugin on my site gives an improved user experience by letting visitors access the navigation menu and navigate pages or sections without scrolling all the way to the top. Additionally, with this plugin the hassle of manually writing CSS code is not needed as the plugin does all the job to set up a sticky header or menu. The advantages this plugin has over other sticky menu plugins include the ability to have a fade or slide effect, change the background colour of the header and is easy to set up and use. The steps to implement this plugin is as easy as downloading and activating this plugin through the plugins tab on WordPress dashboard. After, there should be a tab called ‘myStickymenu’ on the left of the WordPress dashboard and click and go to the settings. Then just include the class or ID of the header or menu to stick to and adjust the ideal settings below and save.

#### Yoast SEO
Yoast SEO is a SEO (search engine optimization) plugin for WordPress websites. The aim of this plugin is to rank your website higher in search engines. The reason I chose this SEO plugin instead of other SEO plugins is because Yoast SEO is the number one WordPress SEO plugin with over 5 million installations and regular updates. To install the plugin, search for ‘Yoast SEO’ on the add new plugins tab. After installing and activating the plugin, click on the SEO tab on the WordPress dashboard and click on the configuration wizard to configure the plugin.

#### Google Analytics for WordPress by MonsterInsights
Google Analytics is a plugin for WordPress websites to track traffic and user behaviour on your website. It shows the statistics  for its analytics of a website’s traffic in a Google Analytics Dashboard right inside your WordPress dashboard. The advantages of using this analytics plugin compared to others is that millions of companies like Microsoft, FedEx, Subway etc. use this plugin, this plugin shows you stats that matter the most so you can double your traffic and sales and overall MonsterInsights made it ‘effortless’ to properly setup Google Analytics in WordPress so it is quick and easy to setup in a matter of minutes. To install the plugin, search for ‘Google Analytics for WordPress by MonsterInsights’ on the add new plugins tab. After installing and activating the plugin, go to the ‘Insights’ tab and go to it’s settings. Next scroll down to ‘Setup Wizard’ and click on the ‘Launch Setup Wizard’ button. The configuration wizard will setup Google analytics properly after completing.
